hello there and welcome to the verdicts
here on the club's official YouTube
channel well the momentum is certainly
with blues for Neil winners tonight in
the sky bet championship against
Millwall they were in front after Jesse
lingard mr. penalty David Murphy the
unlikeliest of sources scoring two goals
before half time to make it to kneel at
the break it became three nil when blues
got another goal this time through Tom a
DA me and then a fourth arrived in
stoppage time through Jesse lingard
another goal after his impressive
showing against sheffield wednesday just
a couple of weeks ago in the commentary
box for Blues player was Michael Johnson
and you'd like to say he's alongside us
now and John were really impressive
display once again from Lee Clark site
we absolutely him to score four goals at
home is a terrific achievement against
Millwall team which has gone free games
back to back wins so it was a good
performance and of course the clean
sheet it's always nice to get a clean
sheet something to build on right from
the outset they were on the front foot
and a mr. penalty by the time Murphy had
put them ahead yeah disappointed penalty
but obviously you know he got back he
got back the goal later on in the game
and but the Murphy goal was a terrific
golfers you know fall back to be that
fine you know in advance of the ball and
to finish clinically how he did was
terrific especially when you consider
he's been out for so long you know you
tend to kind of ease yourself back in
but no he was right up there and the
great footage for the for his first goal
that was a good finish but the second
one was something else wasn't it oh well
you know if David Beckham schools that
you know that's breed talked about we
can you know every spinning around on
every sky slot going it was a fantastic
strike it really was no right in the top
corner goalkeeper would have saved that
the third goal arrived through Tom ATM
in the 68th minute did that calm things
down after a hesitant start to the
second half yeah definitely i fought the
first 20 minutes of the second half we
weren't quiet the races and it'll all
like they might actually sneak back into
the game and undeservedly so but the
goal for my da me was terrific you know
the the dink you know the the
goalkeepers low and if he goes like
possibly doesn't score that but he had
the astuteness just to chip it over and
it was a great strike
a player playing with confidence as was
Chris Burke and he was the man who
provided the fourth for Jesse lingard
right on his head yeah a great turn of
pace you know he's absolutely left to
fall back for dead and he's I'd the
quality to stand the ball up at the far
post and you're looking for for Zig it
but no there was linger to come in and
continuous is scoring rate at st.
Andrews 11 goals scored in the last
three games it's int Andrews but in
those two games prior to against
sheffield wednesday and swansea they
both got a late consolation that didn't
happen tonight how pleasing will that be
for long it'd be fantastic for lee clark
going in tonight obviously on a clean
sheet you know all championships all
good teams based their their
performances and their championships
their wins on clean sheets so it's great
to go in there tonight on the back of a
clean sheet and obviously the goals that
come in as well what will that dressing
will be thinking now another game on
Saturday at home against another
struggling team in Bolton well if
there's ever any attempt to play Bolton
it's now especially on the back of a win
like tonight the confidence that will
bring to the boys I'm sure that
everybody been rubbing their hands now
can't wait now to go and get you know
that that game played on saturday which
I know thanks for joining us and Michael
Johnson we back again for live
commentary on Saturday is blues take on
Bolton it's a 1215 kickoff so coverage
starts on the Blues player from twelve
o'clock